Please bring at least one high energy protein bar
and eat it before your speech for extra energy
like a CLIF bar, right, and don't eat too much
complex carbohydrates for breakfast as it might
make you tired.
We're all different though, right.
Don't have sugar on your breakfast like syrup and stuff
or anything that can dry your mouth a lot
and always bring a bottle of water,
I know I've said this before right as they sometimes
forget to give you one there, okay, and if you need
more time to answer a question during the presentation
you can always take a sip, just kidding, sort of.
Actually, I'm not, okay, all right.
It, you can also cough when thinking
of the answer.
Yeah, so the answer is this, right, just kidding, sort of.
Right, don't drink too much coffee otherwise you might
get the shakes and of course bring an aspirin,
throat lozenge just in case.
Don't drink anything too colorful.
Very important, right for example, blue Gatorade
which I love.
Buy clear Gatorade.
Right as it actually quenches your thirst
and there's no color in it.
This Is kind of funny but in one of my courses
I drank different colored Gatorade in different lectures
by accident.
So my tongue in my mouth was different colors in each one
and I love blue Gatorade and after I drank it
my son actually said to me WTF dad, why the face, okay,
WTF dad, you look like you just ate a Smurf.
Don't eat Smurfs.